<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="social_media_terms">
    <title>Social Media Terms</title>
    <shortdesc></shortdesc>
    <conbody>
    
        <section id="section_plw_j31_33b">
            <title>Abandonment rate</title>
            <p>The percentage of social customer service issues that customers abandon before they
                are resolved.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_yxl_m31_33b">
            <title><b>Bitmoji</b></title>
            <p>Customized avatars that can be added to Gmail, Messenger, Slack, and social media
                networks. <xref href="https://www.bitmoji.com/" format="html" scope="external"
                    >Bitmoji</xref>lets you create an animated representation of yourself then
                offers a variety of versions of it in different situations that you can share with
                an app or smartphone keyboard extension.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_lmw_431_33b">
            <title><b>Chatbot</b></title>
            <p>A type of bot that live in messaging apps (such as Facebook Messenger) and use
                artificial intelligence to perform tasks via simulated conversation. A chatbot can
                be used for customer service, data collection, and more. Facebook is one of the
                leaders in chatbot integration.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_qwj_r31_33b">
            <title><b>Direct message</b></title>
            <p>A private Twitter message. Direct messages can be sent only to Twitter users who are
                already following you—and you can receive direct messages only from users you follow
                unless you have opted into receiving direct messages from anyone in your user
                settings.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_brw_s31_33b">
            <title><b>Ephemeral content</b></title>
            <p>Learn more: <xref
                    href="https://blog.hootsuite.com/snapchat-instagram-facebook-stories/"
                    format="html" scope="external">Snapchat, Instagram Stories, or Facebook
                    Stories—Which is Right For You?</xref></p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_ofx_531_33b">
            <title><b>Facebook</b></title>
            <p>Launched in 2004, a social media platform that evolved from Facemash, Mark
                Zuckerberg’s website that allows Harvard students to rate the attractiveness of
                their peers. Facebook was originally limited to university students but went global
                in the years to come, taking over the world with pokes, likes, posts, and
                comments.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_dgz_w31_33b">
            <title><b>Geotagging</b></title>
            <p>Adding a specific location to a photo, video, or social media message. The ubiquity
                of GPS-enabled smartphones has made geotagging a core aspect of social media.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
